INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

If you previously installed the hotfix for v3_51, delete the folder you placed then: /Users/YourUserName/Documents/BioWare/Dragon Age/packages/core/override/QUDAO Hotfix v3_51.
Now place the unzipped "QUDAO Hotfix v3_52" folder you just extracted into the same location, /Users/YourUserName/Documents/BioWare/Dragon Age/packages/core/override.

WHAT IT DOES (the following 4 fixes were all in v3_51):

1) UR3021:  The Gauntlet:  The ash wraiths that join your party if you have less than 3 followers with you when you approach the bridge puzzle can no longer be stripped of the heavy chain mail they are equipped with. (Hotfix v3.51 - this caused equipment in the party's inventory to also be marked unequippable.  Apologies, and thanks to ixxbxxx for reporting this one.)

2) WY3004:  Wynne:  Restored a very long and previously inaccessible dialogue with Wynne about Connor.  The conditions for this dialogue are:  Wynne has actually been present in the party when Connor has been spoken to, the party is anywhere in Redcliffe, and the demon situation has not yet been resolved.  (Hotfix v3.51 - Thanks to pashmilla for reporting that this one still wasn't actually accessible.)

3) WY3503:  Wynne:  Asking Wynne "How did you become a mage?" is inappropriate for mage players, since any mage would know the answer.  Mage players can still get most of the dialogue by choosing the new option "How did you come to join the Circle?" instead.  Thanks to Alehazar for suggesting this one.  (Hotfix v3.51 - Thanks to pashmilla for reporting that this one still wasn't working in v3.5.)

4) MO3021:  "Flemeth's Real Grimoire":  Restored the proper ending of this quest, including a significant amount of dialogue with Morrigan ("You have returned from the Wilds") that was meant to play once the player had acquired Flemeth's Grimoire by any means and returned to camp.  This dialogue will trigger automatically at that time.  Note that if you give Morrigan the Grimoire as a gift before returning to camp (by adding her to your party somewhere else), you will no longer get this scene.  (Hotfix v3.51 - Added checks to make sure Flemeth was actually dealt with when triggering the automatic dialogue in camp, due to other mods like Auto Loot and/or gift cheats that are giving players access to Flemeth's Grimoire earlier than intended.  Also prevents giving it to Morrigan as a gift until Flemeth is dealt with.)

NEW FOR v3_52!

5)  GL3611: A rare bug has been reported a few times that I have never been able to duplicate, wherein certain quests - Skin Deep, Dereliction of Duty and the Scrolls of Banastor - would inexplicably stop updating and become unable to be completed. For the record, I don't yet know if this is a vanilla bug or one caused by my Fixpack. User gangbang34 has kindly finally provided me with a save game I could analyze that led me to figure out what has happened and come up with a workaround. What's happening is that somehow, plot item stacks (which all 3 quests use) are somehow having their ITEM_SEND_ACQUIRED_EVENT flag turned off, which stops any new items added to the stack from sending the very necessary events that update the quest. I still don't know how or why those plot item stacks are having that very important flag turned off, though. This fix runs every time you enter a new area, checks your stacks to see if they have been corrupted in this fashion, and fixes them. The fix is retroactive - the moment you load your save game with this fix installed, any quests you had that suffered from this bug will be auto-corrected. I would really much rather be able to fix the problem at its source, though, and find out how the flag is getting turned off. Being that this bug is very rare and I've never managed to duplicate it, in hotfix version 3.52 I am conscripting you all into my debugging army! If your plot item stack is corrupted and the fix is actually applied, you will see the following message float over your character's head when the area finished loading: "Stack of X Fixed! Please report area you last transitioned FROM to Qwinn at Nexusmods!". Sorry for the immersion breakage on that, but whoever reports the last area they were in prior to getting that message that leads me to figuring out where the bug is happening so I can hopefully finally find it and kill it with fire will be immortalized in this Fixpack's readme forever!
